We are going to continue from where we stopped.
Okay.
Now, instead of returning at least view, we can get rid of all this.
It ends over here and we are then going to return a scaffold scaffold.
And as you know, the scaffold has a property known as Arbor.
Bah.
And I think we need that already.
Use control and save.
Okay.
And now we can get rid of the elevation by saying elevation zero.
And also, we can change the background color.
This is going to be close that.
White Oak and.
We also do have to change the back arrow to color black.
So we tend to harbor it as a property known as I contain this.
This is going to be icon team then data.
Okay.
And then we can pass the color.
This is going to be colors the black.
Okay.
And also within the harbor.
It has.
It has a property known as Title and.
There's going to be a test widget and it can say customer.
Well there.
Okay.
Oh, the default is going to be white so we can change the color.
Test, I.
Color colors that black.
Okay.
So.
All right.
This is what you're missing.
Okay.
An additional parenthesis.
And also we can set the center title to true.
Okay.
Check this out.
You should sit at the center.
Okay.
Or maybe we can just get rid of this.
I think it was okay that way.
And this.
And that's why I'm very cool from it.
Okay.
And now within the scaffold, it has a property known as body.
And the body is going to be list view.
This view.
This sheet of either the computer is always going to take in the contest and the intense.
And now we can return something known as as passion.
As passion.
Hopefully I can spell this as passion.
Ty.
Okay, great.
Now the special tie has a property known as title for the title.
We're just going to use a rope, because basically we want to display our widgets horizontally.
Okay.
Great.
And before the return we can create a variable to store all the data.
We have a way to do this before the return.
We can call this variable order.
It's going to be equal to snapshot.
Snapshot your data then do docs and we basically want to assess each by the index and we need a no check
over.
Sims could.
Over this, you see.
What we are missing.
Okay.
Sorry.
This should be our order.
Okay.
And also we need to get how many orders we have in our database.
So to do that, we have to say.
I think counts.
This is going to be snapshot.
The data that docs then the length and the why we need that as well.
OC use control.
And as to save.
And what we can then do is we can display the product, the ordered product's image.
We can then have children.
We can just have the train come out via.
And obey as well and use control necessary.
Okay.
And now we can advertise box because basically we want to give this image a height, any width size
box.
And we can then give this idea of maybe hundred.
And also a tweet, a tweet of Andrade.
I think we need to.
Get rid of this.
Okay, Cisco.
Then within the sandbox, we can then have the child.
The child is going to be image that.
Network.
And it's going to be the order.
So with a court order.
And basically, I think we have a field known as order image.
But the image now really no need of saying we need the first item because basically independent screen.
Independent screen.
In the main screen.
Where do we have that?
You can see over here, we are already seeing the first and it was only the first image that got uploaded.
So you can see it is not a list of images.
Okay.
Now back to the customer or the screen.
And we can then use control and save and Novaya we can also have a semicolon.
And go check this out.
Okay.
Sounds cool.
And also over here, we can display the name of the product.
What I think within the screen, we do not have any field known as product name.
Right?
So what we can just do is before the order image, we can create another field.
And we are going to call this order name, which is basically going to be the product name, and we
can then call the item.
I can then dot products.
I think we have.
The product name.
My pain.
Okay.
We call that name.
And we need this, okay?
This country needs to save.
And what we have to do now is to delete this collection, because you can see we do not have that product
name of or the name of the product.
So we have to delete this in order to create a new set of order, which is going to have that product
name.
The lead collection and orders.
They need.
Okay.
And now we have to order for a new product.
This.
I took it.
And you can just order one more.
Maybe this.
And maybe.
One more.
From the electronics and this.
And.
Check out.
Okay.
And confirm.
Cash on delivery.
Kofi Annan.
Pay.
Okay.
I think it's done.
We can go to the screen and come back to it.
Others.
And we can go to the profile.
Order.
Okay.
I think we hold that for two products.
I think what we all done for the product, but we have just one.
We can just do this again.
Back and.
Okay.
This.
And.
Check out.
Confirm.
Go.
Okay.
And we can just go on for now.
Order.
You can see we have the the other image and now we have the order name.
I think so.
What a name.
You can say the name of the product.
Okay.
Now back to the customer order.
Within the rule we can then have.
A column, because under of this, we want to have the.
The we want to have another test.
Okay, so now we can add the children and test.
This is going to be order.
Further.
Then order name.
Okay.
So.
In this country save.
And you should see the way.
Okay.
And we can start this.
So.
Stay.
Test STI.
Okay.
We can give this a font size of maybe a thin.
And most of the time you might have a very long product name.
So what we can do is we can wrap this column with something known as flexible widget in order for that
long test, that long product name, in case you have that to to make it take the available space or
make it responsive.
Okay.
And also within the test, it has a property known as overflow.
Over flow and you can say overflow.
Over.
I think it's called test overflow that.
What does we do?
If we have a very long product name, it's going to make it go to the next line.
To fully do that, we also do have to set the mass.
The mass I think mass lies.
So maybe to.
Okay.
What we said is now sorry, not what we said, but safe.
Now you won't be able to see this now because we have a very short product name.
Right.
You can see what that was.
One of the reasons we have to use the expansion tab.
So when we click on this, we are then going to see the full.
Details of that.
Products.
Okay.
Sounds good.
Working as expected.
Okay.
For right now.
I think we are good to go.
Okay, guys, say it in this lecture.